1845 RAVEN Edgar Poe upon midnight while pondered, and Over a and volume forgotten While nodded, napping, there a As some gently rapping my door. some I "tapping my door- this, nothing Ah, I it in bleak And separate ember its upon floor. I the vainly had to From books of sorrow the Lenore- the and maiden the name Nameless for And silken uncertain of purple Thrilled filled with terrors felt So now, still beating my I repeating, some entreating at chamber Some visitor entrance my door;- it and more." my grew hesitating no "Sir," I, Madam, your I But fact I napping, so you rapping, so you tapping, at chamber That scarce sure heard here opened the Darkness and more. into darkness long stood wondering, Doubting, dreams mortals dared dream But silence unbroken, the gave token, the word spoken the word, This whispered, an murmured the "Lenore!"- this, nothing Back the turning, my within burning, again heard tapping louder before. said "surely is at window Let see, what is, this explore- my be a and mystery 'Tis wind nothing Open I the when, many flirt flutter, there a raven the days yore; the obeisance he; a stopped stayed But, mien lord lady, above chamber Perched a of just my door- and and more. this bird my fancy smiling, the and decorum the it "Though crest shorn shaven, I "art no Ghastly and raven from Nightly Tell what lordly is the Plutonian Quoth Raven, Much marvelled ungainly to discourse plainly, its little little bore; we help that living being yet blest seeing above chamber Bird beast the bust his door, such as But raven, lonely the bust, only one as his in one he outpour. further he not feather he Till scarcely than "other have before- the he leave as hopes flown Then bird "Nevermore." at stillness by so spoken, said "what utters its stock store, from unhappy whom Disaster fast followed till songs burden Till dirges his that burden Of nevermore'." the still all fancy smiling, I a seat front bird, bust door; upon velvet I myself linking unto thinking this bird yore- this ungainly, gaunt ominous of Meant croaking This sat in but syllable To fowl fiery now into bosom's This more sat with head ease On cushion's lining the gloated But velvet lining the gloating She press, nevermore! methought air denser, from unseen Swung Seraphim footfalls on tufted "Wretch," cried, God lent by angels hath thee respite nepenthe, thy of Quaff, quaff kind and this Lenore!" the "Nevermore." said "thing evil!- still, bird devil!- Tempter or tempest thee ashore, yet undaunted, this land On home horror tell truly, implore- there- there in tell tell I Quoth Raven, "Prophet!" I, of prophet if or By Heaven bends us- that we adore- this with laden within distant It clasp sainted whom angels Lenore- a and maiden the name Quoth Raven, "Be word sign parting, or I upstarting- thee into tempest the Plutonian Leave black as token that thy hath Leave loneliness quit bust my Take beak out heart, take form off door!" the "Nevermore." the never still sitting, is On pallid of just my door; his have the of demon's is And lamplight him throws shadow the And soul out shadow lies on floor be nevermore! END- 